hello hey cool hey I'm Sam I'm from San
Francisco and this is max chef he lives
in Charlotte in California chop it up
I'm wearing four star top chocolate
jeans lakai bottoms like way bottom all
the way down to the shoe I'm wearing a
pants by gravy train and sherton by I
don't know it's a four star shirt I soda
wrangler logo on it just cuz I didn't
know where I was going tonight and for
Stark Austin jeans with eras is that
cool who makes your hat you oh girl in
new era hi my name is Chris Casey and
I'm wearing gravy train by the gravy
artists autistics to look how eyes I
want you to notice if you look down he
turned it sideways look at that it's the
PI symbol these guys are tricky back to
you in the studio this Shannon Jin went
in and I'm wearing a lakai hat
expedition zip up and an expedition
t-shirt tonight put his special occasion
well this is brad and he's wearing us a
whole ensemble say & Gabbana and it's
got a little bit of a cowboy Flair
button but look at the face it's all
about the face it's not so much about
the gear in the garb okay pants gucci
shoes the obvious
face staba codpiece who's the codpiece
done bike bro guinea ragini it's a bro
gimme codpiece it's one out of 400 425
week or 20 if you have sorry my own some
is by a Pendleton shirt by Pendleton a
camo shirt brown pants pocket protector
yeah to heineken to a beer koozie it one
smoke and my hat is also done by um bro
Guinea can you see the hat can you see
the hat I don't know if you can see the
Hat am I this is still on Timothy John
Gavin and I always wear a black t shirt
and I'm wearing some baby gap slacks and
DVS shoes that's what I always wear hey
what's happening my name is Ed radecki
and when I'm wearing is all black always
dagger fashion and uh oh no yeah I'm
wearing a lovely new dagger t-shirt the
crazy Jay Adams under percent
skateboarder jacket and fully flared
that's how we're doing it tonight for
the boys yeah Rai your double D Dave
Duncan see their daggers man want to get
info I guess how much live remember that
I guy fully flirt kone four star hot gap
lrg lrg he's some Clark's Scotty little
I'm wearing a jacket by the hundreds
some sweatpants some van syndicates and
a Hall of Fame hat
my name is Rudy Johnson I'm worrying
Alec I fucking tied it okay i'm wearing
Alec I shirt Maddox pants lakai shoes
that's my name is guy Mariano I'm
wearing I don't know what type of
flannel a white t-shirt four-star pants
and lakai shoes all right how's it going
my name is Felix and I'm keep my swag is
college fresh you see the pinstripes and
the varsity that's what we're doing we
got a chef's gauge t-shirt I got a small
BMW around the neck I got I got I see ya
pas si yo I got got Levi's got famous
stars and straps down to the ball sack I
got no I got neck that's what's up and
this is this is DJ Gomez worn before
he's in front of my name again I got
next I got next he quit he's got next
all right check him out somewhere lunch
box whatever peace as GV in this
motherfucker you know why Matt that's
much better as you all know I am Tony
trio or some of you probably don't know
may I was scared of the year like 500
years ago tonight I am wearing a levi
strauss jacket with pockets big enough
for beverage or beverages and then I'm
wearing it ain't no shima Japan t-shirt
from a club I was at and I'm wearing
Dickies and vans that's right oh my god
little Gumby accessory i purchased it
cracker barrel which is uh in the
greater United States you can find one
anywhere you are so yeah that's it's
about and raybans ray-bans oh chris
Roberts I'm wearing four star jeans and
a nice sweater
so that's how you doing now how are you
wearing so I'm uh I don't know do I
don't want to do this well are you
wearing bro I mean first part in the
video you must be excited man I mean you
know come on man that's high honors
please tell us we everybody wants to
know who you're wearing them never move
come on man obviously Maddox wetter
Maddox jeans lakai shoes and a beefy and
a beefy white tee yeah I don't want to
talk to